a major Israeli air raid near conun in
southern
Gaza within minutes several residential
Towers in hammad town completely
destroyed Israel had issued evacuation
orders families left just in time to see
their lives
explode where is the safety we're
supposed to have in the south said to go
south and here we are in the South where
do you want us to go our children are
missing and we do not know where they
are enough is enough stop the war Gaza
is
destroyed in Northern Gaza an air raid
on the jabalia refugee camp causes more
death and
destruction you killed our children
where are our children where is our
money where are our homes we want to
live we want to live in
safety the area is one of the most
densely populated and has been targeted
repeatedly during the past 8
weeks there is nothing there's no civil
defense there are no ambulances there's
no medical
services Rescuers are using their bare
hands to dig through Rubble searching
for survivors people offer each other
what little Comfort they
can people are just lying on the ground
there are body parts
everywhere there are dozens of
victims as Israel expands its assault
across the strip fears are growing of a
ground offensive in the South areas the
Army previously described as safe once
again Gaza is an active war zone once
again for Palestinians nowhere is
safe and the relative peace of the
ceasefire is a distant
memory Alexandra buers Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer